Moderator: Okay. So the recording has started. So I just like to confirm, are you comfortable? If I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P26: Yes.
Moderator: And are you comfortable if we decide to use a recorded clip from our discussion to share with other Va partners, and we'll remove any identifiable information.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So before we look at that online form, I talked about, oh.
Moderator: one other observer in. And actually, we'll do that.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Oh, additional. Is everyone doing a short intro before we
Moderator: actually start the interview? We just finished the introductions for everyone.
Moderator: Okay, maybe you shouldn't hear the audio. We'll just keep moving. If that's okay.
Moderator: So before we look at the program online, we have a couple warm up questions. Have you heard about the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers before.
P26: I sort of heard of it. Yeah.
P26: I don't know anything about it, but I've heard the term.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So I guess, even though you haven't heard of it. Can you explain to me in your own words the best of what you know about it so far.
P26: Well,
P26: when I had my transplant
P26: they called and asked me if I wanted to get on the program.
P26: and
P26: explained some of the stuff on it, and I was.
P26: I had a very bad
P26: hospital stay and everything. And I I really can't remember
P26: a whole lot. So I I never got asked me if I wanted to join.
P26: and I said, No, not at this time, and they called back
P26: some others a while later.
P26: oh, maybe a year or so, and I said No, and
P26: but
P26: I don't know why or not.
P26: because I'm getting
P26: I don't know.
P26: And also, after my transplant. I've lost a lot of my short term memory.
P26: so I'm good on my long term memory. My short term memory is not very good.
Moderator: I'm sorry to hear that. Thank you for sharing.
Moderator: So have you ever interacted with the Va. For other family member benefits before.
P26: Like, what? What do you mean?
Moderator: Just any other benefits for family members, not you. Specifically.
P26: Yes, my my wife is my caregiver.
Moderator: Okay? Is she enrolled in the general caregiver program.
P26: Yes, yes.
Moderator: Okay.
P26: And they say, talk to her once a month or so, and if they've come by the house and everything to make sure everything's okay?
P26: And
P26: that's the only other thing
P26: family wise.
P26: that I can think of.
P26: All my kids are grown up, and you know, moved out.
Moderator: So, I guess. Can you explain to me in your own words what it means to have a caregiver.
P26: Oh, I I couldn't make it without her. She, you know.
P26: make sure I do everything right.
P26: Reminds me of my stuff and helps me get dressed in the morning and
P26: stuff like that.
P26: And
P26: yeah, I want to. Also.
P26: I have.
P26: I have something I don't. I'm not sure what the Va. Was calling it. I went to a study there where you had to go in, and
P26: for 8 h, and you had to eat meals and stuff like that, and they see how you digest it. And
P26: and most people digest their meals in that time span 80%. I was only doing 20%,
P26: so
P26: that it's messed up my system and everything, and I have no appetite.
P26: So she sort of forces me to eat.
P26: I have a she makes me a a fruit tray every morning
P26: and makes me eat some kind of dinner. Otherwise
P26: I'm working with a dietician at
P26: at the Va. And she has me on a drink that I have to take every day
P26: because I I just I don't feel like eating anything at any time.
P26: I have to force myself to eat.
P26: so she's taken care of that. So I've I've been able to.
P26: I was losing weight there for for a while, and she's she's got me back down to where I'm maintaining my weight.
P26: so yeah, I would have a hard time making it without.
P26: Well, she's my official caregiver. She's still my wife, I mean, you know
P26: she was taking care of it before
P26: someone said you should apply for caregiver assistance, and we did.
P26: And
P26: I'm sure glad we did, because
P26: it helps out a lot.
Moderator: I'm sorry to hear that. Thanks for telling that story.
Moderator: If if you were completing a form like we're going to go through here today to apply for caregiver benefits.
Moderator: What information do you think you would need before starting the form.
P26: I don't understand what you're saying, because we've already filled out the form we've already been approved.
P26: What do you mean? They would just ask me what they have already asked me.
Moderator: Yeah, I guess. Kind of
Moderator: hypothetically. Then, if you weren't enrolled yet and you were getting ready to what do you think you would need to kind of
Moderator: sit down and do that application.
P26: Probably nothing, because everything about me, medical, wise, and everything else is online. And you guys can look at it anytime you want.
P26: and all you have to do is go in there and look at my medical records, and
P26: you can tell that
P26: there's nothing else I need to tell you.
Moderator: Got it. Okay?
Moderator: Well, thank you for sharing that background. And now we're going to change gears a bit. I'm going to share a link with you in chat. It's to our testing site.
Moderator: So, as you mentioned, you don't have to worry about information going anywhere.
Moderator: And where did my.
P26: I don't care if it helps people and stuff like that. You can ask me anything you want.
Moderator: Oh!
P26: I've been dealing with this for 10 years. So I I,
P26: it's okay.
Moderator: Let me see. Okay, there we go.
Moderator: Should see it in chat.
P26: Am I supposed to push at.
Moderator: Yeah, if you could, please open that window and then kind of set up your screen, and when you're ready, screen, share this window, and if you need me to walk you through, how to do that, just let me know.
P26: Alright. I pushed the thing.
Moderator: Okay? So it should open in your browser
Moderator: kind of behind the zoom window.
Moderator: Okay? And then can you go back into Zoom? And there should be a share screen option
Moderator: within the bottom of the Zoom menu.
P26: Are you talking to me doing that on my phone or on the computer?
Moderator: On your phone.
P26: Okay, so.
Moderator: Are you on an iphone, or an android.
P26: Android.
Moderator: Okay.
P26: So I'll go to. What.
Moderator: Okay. So there should be a you should be able to tap your screen and then give permission. Zoom, permission
Moderator: to share the window.
P26: Okay.
P26: No women.
Moderator: The start. Now. Window! Show up.
Moderator: Oh.
Moderator: -oh! It looks like he pushed the wrong button.
Notetaker (Angela): Hopefully. I'll come back.
Moderator: One moment.
Moderator: Well, he rejoins, in a minute
Moderator: we'll give him a sec.
Moderator: Do hope he noticed. He dropped.
Notetaker (Angela): Might take a bit.
Notetaker (Angela): Well, I'll just reach out to Perigin so that they can
Notetaker (Angela): a column or ask.
Moderator: See her typing. But yeah, hopefully they can reach or he'll join. We'll give it a couple of minutes and see.
Notetaker (Angela): Okay. Cool.
Moderator: Okay. He's back in the waiting room.
Notetaker (Angela): Yay!
P26: I can't figure some of this stuff out.
P26: and I need you to wash those garbage cans. Help me. Hello!
P26: Can you see me.
Moderator: I can't see you, but I hear you just fine.
P26: Okay, I I got my son here now he's gonna help me.
Moderator: Sounds great. I will put the link back in chat.
P26: You're cool.
P26: So now.
Moderator: So there's a link in Zoom chat to a test site, and we're hoping you could open it up and share your screen in zoom with us.
P26: Yeah, I'm doing it now, or he's doing it for me.
Moderator: Okay, yeah, just let me know if you have any questions or need any help.
P26: Okay, I see it. What do you want? What do you want to know?
Moderator: Once you have it open back in zoom there should be an option to share.
Moderator: and then you can tap that screen
Moderator: and just kind of share that zoom window just the window of the staging link. We sent the test site.
P26: I. I have a message that says, apply for some kind of form
P26: is that it.
Moderator: Yep, that's just a test site. It doesn't actually go anywhere, and that's what we're hoping to get feedback on. So. Yep.
Moderator: But I don't see you sharing your screen yet.
P26: Oh! Is it this button.
Moderator: That's the video
Moderator: close to that. Should there should be a share button at the bottom. Sometimes it's like behind that. More.
P26: Your camera.
P26: Oh, oh, that's me!
P26: Oh.
P26: yep.
Moderator: That's sharing the camera.
P26: They go bad.
Moderator: Is there like a share screen or share window.
P26: share
P26: oops. I turned it off.
P26: Yeah, there's share screen.
Moderator: Yeah, try that one and then see if it'll let you get to
Moderator: the link in chat opened up.
P26: There we go.
P26: No
P26: technology.
P26: Okay, we go to share screen.
P26: Start now.
P26: Z, for zoom.
P26: Okay.
P26: is it working.
Moderator: I see the phone screen. But can you just open
Moderator: just a little
Moderator: website sent in chat? So we don't have anything else on there.
P26: Sure
P26: this one.
P26: Oh, see how there's a green box! I think that means she sees what you see.
Moderator: Exactly.
P26: Alright!
Moderator: Perfect. Yeah, that is what we needed help getting set up for. Thank you.
P26: Now, what do you want me to do.
Moderator: Now, if you could just kind of look through this page, and we just want to hear your feedback and thoughts as you're going through it.
P26: Okay, so you want to start at the top and read.
P26: yeah, I remember doing all this
P26: cause. It wasn't that long ago. Really.
P26: yeah, this one
P26: guys.
Moderator: Yeah, does anything here stand out as being really confusing or really helpful to you?
P26: No, I'm I'm reading through all of it, and it it all looks very self explanatory.
P26: I mean, I understand everything here.
P26: and I remember, when I applied for it.
P26: that it was very easy.
P26: and the actual via
P26: the representative helped me did everything pretty much. I mean it was. It was very easy.
P26: They pretty much just told me everything to do, and I did it.
P26: Yeah, I I would. I have no problem following this, and when I did it. Originally I had no problem whatsoever.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you for that feedback. So I guess, on a scale of one to 5 of one being very poorly and 5 being very well. How prepared and informed do you feel about the application based on this page's content?
P26: I feel it's a 10.
Moderator: Okay.
P26: I had. I had no, no problem whatsoever. Filling it out
P26: are understanding it.
P26: and when it got in there I I had absolutely no problem whatsoever. I was more than pleased, so I'll give it a 10.
P26: I'll give it a 9. Nothing's perfect. I'll give it a 9.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: that works. Okay. Now, can you start the application as if you were applying? Just remember, this is our testing site. So the information won't be going anywhere. You won't actually be applying, but you can feel, fake, use, fake information wherever you feel comfortable.
P26: Okay?
P26: Or what am I supposed to be doing?
Moderator: Go ahead and just start the application as if you were gonna apply for the program.
P26: Yeah, I was waiting. Start your application.
Moderator: Yeah. And just remember to think aloud as you're going through the form we just really want to hear about any reactions that you're having and what you're thinking.
P26: Let's see. Social security number
P26: the 6 2.
P26: I'm putting my social security number in.
P26: I'm putting in my middle name. I don't know why.
P26: our last name
P26: and the suffix is no suffix.
P26: Date of birth.
P26: April
P26: 9,
P26: 1954.
P26: I am on pale.
P26: Can you?
P26: Social security number just did that, too.
P26: Put in my social security number
P26: veteran street address.
P26: I put that in State
P26: Zip code.
P26: All that kind of stuff.
P26: What County
P26: Pasco county
P26: and want my phone number.
P26: Put that in there.
P26: Veterans. Alternate phone number. I don't have one. So
P26: put the same one in
P26: hit. Continue
P26: what the Medical center or clinic. Does the veteran get or plan to get their health? A David at Tampa.
P26: at Tampa.
Moderator: Yeah, it's here is this how you'd prefer to search for Va facilities.
P26: What do you mean?
Moderator: By typing in the city.
P26: Oh, no, I go to. Well.
P26: this game failure should put the name.
P26: I just always say the Tampa, because there's only one in Tampa.
P26: If somebody says where I go, I'm telling them, James Haley, unless you're a veteran, you don't know who James Haley is.
P26: So I usually say, the Tampa. Va.
P26: yeah, that's what I usually say.
P26: Select the Medical center of class at James Haley, and it's it's not letting me go past that.
P26: What should I put.
Moderator: Yes, not quite doing what you'd expect it to, or kind of talk me through what you'd want to happen here.
P26: Well, it says, selected the hospital. I'm putting James
P26: Haley.
P26: James Haley.
P26: and it's not let me go anywhere. Maybe it's a junior or something.
P26: Oh, my God! They made me put the junior in there.
P26: Wait a minute. Now.
P26: Okay, this is this is the
P26: they got me all over the place here.
P26: Okay.
P26: it's not working.
P26: If I put in Tampa, DAMP. A.
P26: It just keeps going back to there and saying, require in red.
P26: And
P26: if Tampa's not enough information, what the hell do I gotta put there?
P26: I know it's called James A. Haley.
P26: Let me see if I can try that
P26: KAME. S.
P26: The a.
P26: A.
P26: Haley.
P26: James A. Haley. I don't know.
P26: He could come somewhere.
P26: Spruce Street, in Parsons, West Virginia.
P26: Franklin, Virginia, Petersburg, Virginia.
P26: but not here.
P26: I can't get past this.
Moderator: Yeah. Try the city search again.
Moderator: Are you hitting anything on your phone between typing or.
P26: Any other keys happening.
P26: I got Tampa printed in there, and I go down here and hit the the search thing.
P26: You know. The little
P26: magnifying glass.
P26: And this is showing 1 5 of facilities for Tampa.
P26: Oh, wait a minute. Hold on. Now that one show Roosby Downs. Okay, here's 1 shows up.
P26: Okay, I got it.
P26: Now, hit continue.
Moderator: Curious. Was it clear if you wanted to change your facilities, how to kind of go through that? We don't actually have to go
Moderator: kind of struggle through that. But I'm just curious what your thoughts were on that.
P26: I didn't see where you could change it.
P26: Confirm your healthcare facility. The veterans facility you selected.
P26: This is the facility where you told us. The veteran receives or plans to receive treatment. Correct.
P26: Bruce B. Downs Boulevard, that's that is the one
P26: your assigned caregiver support facility
P26: is, and they're given the address in here. It doesn't say anything where. If I want to change.
P26: if they have trouble using this online application, it gives me a phone number.
P26: You can call the Va Caregiver support line.
P26: and it doesn't have anywhere here. I can change it.
Moderator: And what are your thoughts on the
Moderator: content? Information on this page? Is anything clear or confusing to you?
P26: It was fine until you know, as long as they
P26: it was fine. Once I got past typing in the Tampa thing I don't know why it didn't take.
P26: I'm I must not have capitalized Tampa, or something I don't know, but it took 3 times to get
P26: something in Florida that come up. It was coming up with stuff in in West Virginia.
Moderator: Yeah, that was really unusual.
Moderator: So I guess, based on that on a scale of one to 5, 1 being very poor and difficult, and 5 being very well, how would you rate the facility selection process of choosing a Va. Facility.
P26: A 2.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: I already talked about a little bit. Why, but any other details you wanna
Moderator: add about why, before continue.
P26: I had to do it. 3 times
P26: I put in 3 different
P26: wait the the city I put in the name of the hospital.
P26: and it didn't
P26: give me a a
P26: address in Tampa until I did it the 3rd time.
P26: so I don't know what messed up there. I don't know. I don't. I'm pretty sure I typed everything in there correctly.
P26: and James A. Haley, unless I spelled James or A, or Haley wrong, which I'm pretty sure I didn't.
P26: Give me stuff in West Virginia.
P26: not Florida. I don't know why.
P26: And then the 3rd time, when I put it in there.
P26: it said, there's 5 places in the Tampa area.
P26: So I guess it was giving clinics and everything, because there's really only one
P26: hospital in Tampa in the Tampa area.
P26: The other ones were clinics, but it took 3 times to get to that part.
P26: So yeah, I only give that a 2.
Moderator: Got it. That's really helpful feedback to see how you would use that.
Moderator: and kind of proceed on with the form.
P26: Now, I would think, using common sense, that all I need should need to do is type in Tampa.
P26: I did that twice, and nothing. Tampa did not come up
P26: only the 3rd time when I capitalized it.
P26: Did it come up.
Moderator: Definitely worked kind of why, we're glad we're testing it and getting some real input in it to see how it reacts.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: anything else that you want to share. Before moving on from this page.
P26: No, that that's pretty much everything else is okay. I mean, long as you get past that it was fine.
P26: because the the address, everything that comes up after that is is exactly correct.
P26: So no, I don't have any other comments on this, except for getting past that.
P26: finding your
P26: facility that's not working too good.
Moderator: Yep.
Moderator: yeah. Let's continue on with the next. Go on to the next page and continue.
Moderator: can you? Completing the form and just thinking aloud, like you've been doing. It's really great and helpful.
P26: All right, continue.
P26: Oh, it says here. Would you?
P26: Would you like to apply for benefits for a primary family caregiver required?
P26: Do I hit. Yes, I already have one.
Moderator: Yeah, kind of hypothetically, if you weren't enrolled yet
Moderator: filling this out. And kind of what would the primary caregiver mean to you?
P26: It says, would you like to apply for benefits for a primary family caregiver required when I hit? Yes.
P26: and that means to me that
P26: that
P26: I'm going to have someone to help me with my daily stuff.
P26: and it's going to be my wife.
P26: and you're going to compensate her for it.
P26: and you're going to help her take care of me.
P26: and you're going to
P26: help her. Yeah, I just said that, help her take care of me. And they they call and everything they they really
P26: are doing a real great job.
P26: It's pretty much. And when it very 1st fills it out
P26: I wasn't sure what to expect. I just I had someone tell me, said you should. I was in in one of the waiting rooms, which I spent a lot of time in.
P26: and I heard some of the other veterans talking.
P26: and one of them was mentioning the caregiver program.
P26: and the one guy was telling this other guy
P26: that well, I already I already get. I'm I'm fully a hundred percent disabled, and I already already get compensation.
P26: And he said, No, no, this is this is plus that because you need extra care
P26: and said you, you get it on top of that.
P26: And
P26: I heard them talking, and I said, Hey, where do you? Where do you go to apply for that? Because I I think I not might need that.
P26: And he told me, and I I mentioned it to. I think it was my primary, and she told me to look it up and everything, and apply for it, and everything that you you certainly are eligible for it.
P26: I was. I was sort of
P26: not disappointed. But I I wish I would have known about it earlier.
P26: that. I've been this way for, like
P26: since 2010, and I sure could have used that extra help a lot sooner.
P26: But
P26: That that's how I got on it, and
P26: I don't know what else you want.
Moderator: Oh, well, that's very helpful. Thank you for talking through all that. Do you remember if you applied online or you said you were at a facility. So did you just do it in person. There.
P26: I applied online.
P26: And then somebody called me back
P26: and then
P26: went through stuff. There. I applied online. And then someone contacted me.
Moderator: Got it.
P26: And then went from there and then they had my wife do a test
P26: to make sure she could take care of me, and
P26: you don't know my wife. She's she knows more than most of my doctors know
P26: as far as taking care of me. So she passed that with a hundred she didn't miss one question.
P26: And then they said, Okay with. And they sent me a letter like a few weeks or so later
P26: saying that you're going to get, you know. Were you going to be compensated this amount
P26: and that
P26: you would have a
P26: a representative, and I don't remember what her name is. It's changed 3 times now.
P26: You can look it up. It's in in the system there somewhere.
P26: and she said that
P26: you know you would be getting this, and we'll be contacting. You will come by your house every once in a while to check on. You. See, if you're all right, and they do, and and it's been cool.
P26: and they offer stuff for her classes and stuff like that for her to take to help take care of me.
P26: She hasn't had to take any of them, because
P26: she's been doing it since 2010, and like I say, she knows more than most of the doctors do about me.
P26: but it has been very, very helpful.
P26: I just wish I would have known about it sooner.
Moderator: I'm glad to hear it's been helpful for you.
Moderator: Okay, when you were completing the form online for real, was she with you to help you fill this out, or did you complete it on your own.
P26: I did it on my own.
P26: It was self explained. It was. It was a pretty easy form, very easy.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: yeah, let's go.
P26: Continue.
P26: And then they sent back the test. And I get, you know. She took. She did the test.
P26: and she did that online. And
P26: that was self-explanatory. That was everything was easy about. It was very, very easy, very simple.
Moderator: Great.
P26: And the representatives at at the Caregiver place. They're very helpful. They're a little confused at first, st
P26: and a little they seemed to me like. They were moving people around. And all this like, I said, 3 different people at one time.
P26: but they seem to start getting more organized. If he has me.
Moderator: Got it.
P26: That's just my personal opinion.
Moderator: Share away. Yeah, if you could continue on as if you're adding a family caregiver, and just continue to think aloud.
P26: I have to deal with. I have to deal with you, meaning the Va. I also have to deal with Tampa, general.
P26: They're the. They're the hospital and the and the transplant doctors who actually did my transplant.
P26: So I'm considered their patient for life.
P26: But I have all my care and everything taken care of at the Va. Because I don't have to pay anything.
P26: and when I go to the the
P26: Tampa general.
P26: at 1st you got. The Va. Did not have the thing where they would pay for you to go somewhere else
P26: back in 2010. They didn't have that, so I had to pay that out of my pocket, and I had to go there at least once a year
P26: for them to check me out
P26: because I'm their patient.
P26: And so that came out of my pocket.
P26: And then when you guys, you guys meaning the Va
P26: when you came up with that program where you would pay for the the veteran to go somewhere else.
P26: and the Va. Would pay for it. Well, heck! I signed up for that right away, and that was very, very confusing. By the way.
P26: I finally fit, you know, through doing it for a couple of years. I figured it out.
P26: You have to call in each one.
P26: Each appointment
P26: you have to. You have to call it into the caregivers, and then they give you a 1 year
P26: approval. So anything for that one year you're approvable once that one year's up you gotta do it again.
P26: Well, see, they didn't ever told me that.
P26: And I have to go there once a year. Every year. I have to see the cardiologist there.
P26: and I have to see the the liver doctor there.
P26: and that's 2 different visits, and that that was, you know, and I'm on a fixed budget. All I got is the income from my Va.
P26: And so that I couldn't afford it. But
P26: my, I don't mean to ramble on. But
P26: my point is, it was very difficult
P26: figuring that out, and now, once I figured it out every time I go to another doctor other than the Va.
P26: I have to call the caregivers to
P26: get an approval, and they give me an approval. And that's good for one year. Now that I know that that's okay. So I gotta call every year. I don't know why they just can't.
P26: since this is for life, I mean, the transplant lasts for life. I don't know why I have to do that every single year.
P26: but I know that's not your
P26: your department, so
P26: I don't know how I got off on that tandem. I'm sorry no.
Moderator: No worries.
Moderator: Thank you for sharing all the details and stories. It really helps us understand more.
Moderator: Kind of continuing.
P26: And and as far as a caregiver, this is where my wife helps me
P26: keep the 2 of them separate.
P26: And because, like I say my short, I have to write everything down my short term memory. Since my
P26: since my transplant
P26: I went. I was a pretty healthy person, at least I thought I was
P26: until a transplant, and then my memory went. I lost my, I lost hair, I lost, I lost, I became a diabetic. I
P26: I I got I got a
P26: a panic attacks. Now I got all kinds of stuff from from this, and
P26: she helps me so much through all this stuff and
P26: and now that she's
P26: she's she's getting help from from the Va.
P26: That makes me feel a lot a lot lot better.
Moderator: Yeah, sounds really rough. Well, let's.
P26: It's it's not easy. I every every day I get up I feel like throwing up every single day.
P26: and it's just it's and I got to live that way to rest of my life
P26: because I've I've you can look up on my my medical records. There, I've gone in. It's been 3 or 4 years I've been working on this, and they had can't come up with what spot? What
P26: problem is they? Just. It's got to have something to do with your transplant.
P26: So sometimes I throw up every morning, sometimes I don't, but the feeling is always there.
P26: and she helps me through that too.
Moderator: Yeah, I'm sorry to hear that that's
Moderator: continue on and adding her to the caregiver form, sounds like she's
Moderator: really helpful for you.
Moderator: So if you can continue on
Moderator: you said you'd normally she would be here, and she would fill out her own information when you did this for real.
P26: Damn.
P26: Yeah.
P26: She goes with me on my appointments
P26: and stuff
P26: and make sure I get to all my appointments and
Moderator: Yeah.
P26: I don't. I don't know what else to say. She's she's a clear, a hundred percent caregiver. I'll tell you that.
Moderator: Yeah, well.
P26: She's a good thing.
Moderator: Online form.
P26: He should get paid more.
P26: But we're very happy for what we're getting, but don't get me wrong.
Moderator: Yeah, can you can click that, continue button. And there should be another screen that pops up about the primary caregiver.
P26: Primary family. Caregiver's 1st name required Janine.
P26: J,
P26: Ariel, Janine, M. Young Janine, M. Young.
P26: probably for a suffix. What do you mean? Suffix. No, she don't have no suffix.
P26: Her birthday is December
P26: first, st
P26: 1855.
P26: She is a female.
P26: What is promicular relationship to the veteran. She is my wife.
P26: I don't see why. Oh, spouse!
P26: He's that, too. Spouse.
P26: Okay, all that's filled out. I'll hit continue, cause that's
P26: all self explanatory. I don't think they did anything on that one.
P26: Okay.
P26: apply for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Okay, primary caregivers, identification information.
Moderator: Like.
P26: We're trying to.
Moderator: With a fake social if you're not comfortable.
P26: And I've already given you all this stuff already.
P26: Let me do it again. 2, 6, 2
P26: on our
P26: continue.
P26: or sorry you're already entered this number elsewhere. Please check your what
P26: Social Security Number tax identification number.
P26: And I put, I put my social security number and it said, I'm sorry you've already put this number in before.
P26: Well, hell! They're asking me for my social security number.
P26: What do you or my identification tax identification? I don't have a tax identification number. I don't think many people do.
P26: I put my social security number and it says you've already entered this
P26: for what the hell do they want.
P26: I'll do it again.
P26: 2, 6, 2 oops.
P26: 2, 6, 2,
P26: one part.
P26: We're sorry you're you've already entered this number elsewhere. Please check your data and try again.
P26: That's that's super confusing.
P26: They're asking me for my social security number. And then when I put it in there, they say we're sorry you've already entered this number.
P26: So you tell me what's the problem? There.
Moderator: Can you scroll up a bit? I guess we were entering.
Moderator: Is there anything else on the page? That kind of help could
Moderator: clear that up.
P26: Says, apply for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers.
P26: Application for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers, Va. Form 1010 cg.
P26: And it goes down to number 2 of 5. Primary family caregiver, application, information.
P26: primary family caregiver, identical information. We recommend providing the caregivers. Oh, her social security. Oh.
P26: sorry.
P26: I guess I should have read that.
P26: He didn't tell me to read that.
P26: Okay, hold on. Let me see. Here she is,
P26: 2, 6, 1.
P26: That's my fault. I should have read the instructions.
P26: 8.
P26: Then.
P26: Okay, continue all right.
P26: And then it says, here, primary family caregiver's home address
P26: is the same, and I'm going to use the same address. Hit that little box that says the same.
P26: going down, making sure it is the same, and it is
P26: is the primary family caregivers mailing address the same as their home address. Yes.
P26: I'll hit that one.
P26: and I'm going to hit continue.
P26: and it goes down to
P26: contact information or phone number.
P26: which is the same.
P26: Oh, no, that's not.
P26: It's not her. So hold on and put her phone number in there.
P26: Okay, that's her phone number.
P26: And that would be the same.
P26: Oh, alternate will be me. Okay.
P26: primary caregiver's email address, which is correct.
P26: It's already filled in
P26: and I'm gonna hit. Continue
P26: goes to the next 1. 3 or 5
P26: secondary family caregivers, application information.
Moderator: Yeah, what does a secondary caregiver mean to you? Or do you have one today?
P26: I do not have an official one. No.
P26: I have an unofficial one.
P26: which would be my son.
P26: but I do not have an official one. No.
P26: and what that means is, in case
P26: my wife can't do it. I can add someone else that can do it.
P26: and that would be my son.
Moderator: Do you think there's any other ways? The secondary role differs in the application process and benefits.
P26: I think it also means that if I don't have anybody that you would supply me one also.
P26: Is that correct?
Moderator: Is that what you would take from this page.
P26: Yes.
Moderator: Okay? Can you just continue the application as you would kind of if you'd apply with a secondary or not? And why or why not?
P26: Okay, it says here you can use application to apply for benefits for a secondary family caregiver.
P26: There can only be 2 secondary family givers at one time.
P26: Would you like to apply for benefits for a secondary family? Give caregiver.
P26: you know I don't even remember this part here. Tell you truth.
P26: But
P26: You mean benefits as far as he. He would get a compensation.
Moderator: Yeah, is that not clear on this page? Or would you need more information here?
P26: Would you like to apply for benefits for a secondary family? Caregiver
P26: required?
P26: I take that as he would get compensation, or help taking care of me.
P26: and I probably thought, Well.
P26: my wife's already
P26: my
P26: caregiver. I
P26: wouldn't need a second one unless something happened to my wife.
P26: So I that's why, I probably put no.
P26: Okay.
Moderator: Go ahead and put that.
Moderator: I see we are at time. I just want to be respectful of your time. Can you stay a few minutes longer?
P26: I have no problem with time. I'm just. I'm just. I just covered my grandkids, have been here for a week, got all the time in the world.
P26: Yeah, I mean, where are you? What state are you in.
Moderator: Washington State.
P26: Whoa, you way far, man.
P26: we we got hit with that hurricane you hear about the hurricane? Yeah, we were right in the middle.
Moderator: Oh, that's crazy!
P26: So my my grand.
Moderator: Glad you're safe.
P26: My daughter. They were staying with us during it because they got slam bad in St. Petersburg.
P26: So
P26: it. Now, if
P26: because my son does help me a lot.
P26: and he he takes me sometimes to appointments and and do stuff like that.
P26: Had I read this carefully.
P26: if I could have 2
P26: I would put, I would probably say yes.
P26: but I'm I'm not sure. What should I say? Yes or no?
Moderator: Yeah, go ahead. And
Moderator: really would.
P26: You want me to make that decision, don't you? I'm gonna say yes, because he does help.
P26: Yes.
P26: secondary family giver's 1st name.
P26: Michael.
P26: Middle name.
P26: Barry.
P26: Yeah.
P26: I'm putting his name in
P26: Michael B. Young
P26: secondary family suffix.
P26: No suffix
P26: and his date of birth. Let's test my memory here.
P26: What month is 7.
P26: What month is it? Number 7?
Moderator: July.
P26: July. Okay, I should have known that
P26: 23, rd
P26: 1990.
P26: He's a male.
P26: What is the secondary family caregivers relationship to the veteran?
P26: He is my son.
P26: and I'm gonna hit. Continue
P26: secondary family caregivers and
P26: identification information. Social security number
P26: is
P26: 9, 9, 1
P26: 0 2
P26: 5 0
P26: hit continue.
P26: If the secondary family gives home address, he's the same.
P26: Alright, I'm checking to make sure the address is correct. It is. It's in Pasco County
P26: is the secondary family caregivers mailing address the same as their home address. Yes.
P26: I'm gonna hit. Continue
P26: now. Goes to 3 0, 5 secondary family caregiver application information.
P26: secondary family. Caregiver's primary phone number
P26: is.
P26: let me look it up. Hold on.
P26: I guess they want the Zip code. I mean the
P26: 7, 2, 7,
P26: 8, 7, 1,
P26: i. 4, 4, 6.
Moderator: You were completing this form for real. Seems like you wouldn't have any issue coordinating getting all of this information from everyone involved.
P26: No, because I have it all written down here.
P26: I have a I have a little card file here, and I got everybody's information here. I've gone through this so many times.
P26: and like I say, cause I can't remember. You know my short term memory. It's crappy, so I
P26: make sure I write everything down, and if I don't write it down, it's on my phone.
P26: So I I keep up on it. Pretty good.
P26: Okay. You have 2 secondary family caregivers at one time. No, I don't know just no just one.
P26: Now we'll guide you through the steps to review and sign this application.
P26: First, st we need to know if the veteran will sign this application.
P26: or if a representative will sign for them.
P26: I will sign it.
P26: A representative must have legal authority to make decision on behalf of the veteran, or they must have authority to fill or sign application on behalf of the veteran.
P26: If you saw, we don't need any more of that. We use the signature only to process your application. Signing for the veteran today doesn't take away their right to make decisions for their care.
P26: I am the veteran, and signing for myself.
P26: I will hit that
P26: and hit, continue.
P26: and it comes to 5 of 5 review application
P26: as veteran information which I can look at which I am.
P26: Yeah.
Moderator: You saw something you entered by mistake.
Moderator: Can you show me how you'd go about correcting that.
P26: I hit Delete
P26: or our backspace and
P26: put the right number in.
P26: Okay.
P26: I don't know what you mean by show. You.
Moderator: Yeah.
P26: Alright! Here, I'll show you right now.
Moderator: H.
P26: Here. I'll show you
P26: there. I I
P26: it
P26: backspace
P26: on the phone number
P26: primary phone number. And I'm going to put it in again.
P26: Okay, put it in again.
P26: And secondary, it's the same always in secondary family caregivers. Email address. I forgot that, actually. And I had that right here.
P26: Hold on, or or do I?
P26: Yes, I do.
P26: It's MB.
P26: B.
P26: Young.
P26: Oh, there it is, right there in
P26: okay. And I put that in there. His email address. Now I'm gonna hit. Continue.
P26: add another secondary information. No, I don't need another one.
P26: and there's no one else. So
P26: now we'll guide you through the step to review and sign this application.
P26: First, st we need to know if the veteran all
P26: I am the veteran, and I will be signing for myself.
P26: I'll hit, continue.
P26: and it takes me to 5 of 5 review application
P26: veterans, personal information. It looks all good
P26: veterans. Identification
P26: is good.
P26: Veteran's home address
P26: looks good
P26: veteran contact. Information 6, 1, 2, 4, 7, 5, 9. That looks good. Looks good.
P26: What vehicle Medical Center clinic does the veteran plan to burst? Be downs. That's good.
P26: Your assigned caregiver support facility is James A. Haley. That is true.
P26: The veteran facilities. Bruce B. Down. Okay. Primary family caregiver application information.
P26: There I am, young. Boost me down. Would you like to apply for benefits for primary care? Yes.
P26: I I guess that all looks good.
P26: Yeah.
P26: Scrolling down, checking everything. Make sure it's right.
P26: Still scrolling.
P26: Okay, everything there looks good now. Secondary family caregiver, application, information.
P26: benefits for secondary friend Mcgiver. Yes, Michael Barry, young.
P26: July 23, rd 1990. Mayo, son.
P26: 5, 9, 1. Okay.
P26: Yeah. Same address. Yes. Da Da Da Hudson, Florida.
P26: Everything looks good there. Secondary family
P26: number looks. Good.
P26: Email's good.
P26: They want to apply for benefits for another. No.
P26: okay, everything looks good. There. I'm going to the last one, which is application signature.
P26: Select who will sign for the veteran. Today I'm the veteran and signing for myself.
P26: Now, do you want me to actually sign it?
Moderator: Yeah, continue scrolling down the page, and just let me know what your comfort level is with how that's presented to sign.
P26: Okay, I've read and accepted private veteran's full name.
P26: Harry
P26: M.
P26: Young.
P26: uncertify that both information is correct and true. To the best of my knowledge.
P26: I do.
P26: Your signature must match previously entered. Name.
P26: Well, maybe I'm supposed to sign up here.
P26: Your signature was oh, I didn't put the M in there, I guess. Let me take the M out.
P26: Okay, let's see if that works.
Moderator: Would you be comfortable signing for the primary and secondary caregivers here, or would
Moderator: they do that themselves?
P26: Yeah, I'd be comfortable with that.
P26: Wait a minute. It says I did that.
Moderator: That's okay. We won't actually be submitting this application in test form, because we're in.
P26: Awesome.
Moderator: Site today so it won't work. So.
P26: Okay, all right. Let me go down here. Primary family caregiver application full name.
P26: That would be my wife.
P26: Janine
P26: Janine.
P26: to Nina.
P26: What's match?
P26: I put her name in there, Janine Young.
P26: It says that your signature must match previously entered. Name Janine MOM. Young.
P26: and also it's it's a little harder for me to do on the phone than it is. I can do this much easier
P26: on the computer.
P26: My thing, I'm I'm a big guy. My fingers are just too small for my phone.
Moderator: Yeah, so that'd be your preferred method. Is that what you did when you applied online, too?
P26: Oh, yeah, yeah, I never do anything by the phone, never.
P26: Okay.
P26: All right, that worked. Okay. Secondary family caregiver application statement of truth.
P26: I certified that I'm at least 18 years. Yeah, he's 18 over. Yeah.
P26: And, Baba, you don't want me to read all this stuff, do you.
Moderator: Nope, just do like you normally would.
P26: And normally I would read it.
P26: you know. I'll read it fast. Read the veterans full time, or we'll do soap. I'm done. I test that my application of participation is all true and correct veteran is involved in my payment, and I agree to perform personal care services at the center. Yes, yes, yes.
P26: at any time my businesses may be revoked, or I may discharge by the Secretary of Veterans. I understand that participants does create an employment relationship between me and department of affairs.
P26: Okay. Secondary family caregiver applications. Full name is Michael.
P26: I don't know if I put his last name middle initial in there or not. Try Michael Young.
P26: oh, wait a minute
P26: at the G.
P26: Probably needs to be.
P26: Hey, Michael, that should be right.
Moderator: Yeah, is it confusing with what's going on with these signature fields?
Moderator: Or is there anything that could help? How you would like them to work better.
P26: Well, I put in his name Michael B. Young.
P26: and it says
P26: your signature must match now the other ones the other one. It's it had up there
P26: when I didn't match it. It had the name written out
P26: so I could just put in exactly what there. But the secondary one. There is no name at the top. Oh, there it is, Michael!
P26: Oh, bear! Hold on!
P26: They want me to spell out
P26: the middle name.
P26: you know. I think you could
P26: do the middle name.
P26: Alright, Michael P26. It's making me spell it out.
P26: Okay? And that worked all right. That's a little confusing.
P26: But it would. It did. It did work. But you gotta be.
P26: You know exactly how it is on the other thing.
P26: Okay, submit application. I did.
Moderator: That one. It's a testing site. It won't go anywhere. But I'm going to
Moderator: screen, share and take over and share my screen
Moderator: because we do want to get a little bit of feedback from you on just this last Confirmation page. If you were applying for real.
Moderator: But we're in our test site, so it won't actually go through.
P26: Okay.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So you should see this page. I'm going to go scroll through it slow. Let me know if you need me to speed up or slow down, and just think aloud, and let me know your thoughts and expectations on this page.
P26: Slow down right there.
P26: Confirmation email. Yeah, I remember that, too. Okay, go ahead.
Moderator: Yeah. Was there anything else you were thinking about at this part that stood out to you?
P26: I just wanna make sure I read it all.
P26: and that's all. That's all. Pretty
P26: go to your caregiver support program teams directly, or
P26: verification is denied.
P26: I didn't have to go through that because it wasn't denied. So
P26: mobile family camera.
P26: We're in a general caregiver support services called the caregiver support line.
P26: No, all that, all that's pretty good.
P26: I can understand everything there.
P26: And I have. I actually have those numbers written down on my my paper here on my caregiver
P26: file.
Moderator: Okay, well, I mean.
P26: No, that's all. That's all very helpful, very helpful, especially the phone numbers
P26: and the contact information. Because
P26: that that's that's very important.
P26: 8.
Moderator: Anything else you want to add about this page.
P26: Not not that I can think of.
Moderator: Great. I'm gonna.
P26: Yeah, the main thing is having that phone number, that contact.
P26: And also somewhere down there were.
P26: Well, I guess they, they explained on the next letter, because that's when
P26: they say it within 24 h, or whatever they send you the email or whatever.
P26: And that's when they tell you who you're
P26: program representative is.
P26: And
P26: the only thing I can say about that is, if they could not switch us
P26: as often as they do.
P26: because I have to deal with my representative at Tampa, general, I have to do. My representative at
P26: at the Va. Is for my
P26: primary, medical, my caregiver, my community care.
P26: and they every one of them switches somebody like every 3 months.
Moderator: A lot to juggle.
P26: And I think it's the Va's policy actually. So
P26: there's not much you can do about it. But that would be helpful if you could keep the same person
P26: so cause every time it's it's like it's like, when I go on a on a
P26: on a
P26: a medical visit appointment.
P26: I never see the same doctor. I have to explain everything over every single time. The only one I've ever seen. That's the same as my primary. Thank God for her.
P26: and she's great.
P26: But every other doctor. You have to explain everything to them, and you know you can't remember this stuff. And when was the last time you had this. When's the last time you had? Well, I don't know. It's all in there. It's all in your
P26: half of them. Don't even look at the stops one. But when I get there I got to tell them all the stuff. Well, anyway, I'm sorry I didn't mean to get off on her tension.
P26: I haven't. I have not had any problem
P26: contacting you guys. Of course I haven't needed to.
P26: My wife has talked to you a couple of times, and so she's been great, and that you guys have called her and talked to her about stuff.
P26: and that's been great. So I don't have any complaints about the the
P26: the communications and everything between
P26: myself and and your department.
P26: So far.
P26: so far.
Moderator: That's good. Okay, well, I just have one last question for you. I was just curious. The
Moderator: form, the amount of information provided in the form that we went through today. Just kind of those screens that you shared.
Moderator: We're screen sharing with us. Did you think it was too much information
Moderator: just enough, or too little.
P26: I think it was just enough. You you asked for what you had to have.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: well, that is all I have for today. So I just wanna circle back and reconfirm if you're comfortable. If we shared a short video clip of this session with our Va. Partners.
P26: Yeah, I don't. I don't care. You were videoing me. I I couldn't see you.
P26: I hope I didn't make any. I hope I didn't make any bad faces or anything.
Moderator: Well, we really appreciate you taking the time to share all of your thoughts with us today. It's really really helpful for us, because we continue to iterate and improve, to make sure the site works for veterans and caregivers like you.
P26: No problem. I've done it a couple of times with the Va. So I don't. I don't mind. I like it
P26: cool if it helps. If it helps, I'm all for it.
Moderator: Awesome. Well, thank you very much, and enjoy the rest of your day.
P26: Okay, you, too. Thank you. Bye.
P26: Join that Washington state.
P26: I bet it's raining there, isn't it?
Moderator: Nope, it's kind of cloudy, but not raining.
P26: Oh, my gosh, you're kidding.
P26: Okay, bye-bye.
Moderator: Have a great day.